1- What are the different types of errors in Dart?
In Dart programming language we have tow types of erorrs in general:
    - Runtime errors (Exceptions)
      The error occures when the program is executing and caouse the program crash if it is not handled.
    - Compile-time errors (Syntax Errors) 
      The error occures when the code don't follow the programming language syntax, and prevent the progrma compilation
Also there are logical, type, memory, assertion and stack overflow errors 

2- How can you debug a Dart program in VS Code or Android Studio?
At the first we should install Dart and flutter extentions, second we should open a dart file and
start debugging proccess, also we can use print statements to figure out the code outputs or errors.

3- What is the use of print(), and how can it help in debugging?
By running the print statement we can see the variable values or checking which part of the code 
is runable for debugging.

4- Explain the purpose of try...catch in Dart.
We use try...catch to handle runtime exections that occures during the program execuation, when a
program is running without try..catch blocks it crash when an error is found, but if you use try and
catch blocks in the the program the program does not crash and continue to running even it face an error
but throws an exception error message  

5- How do breakpoints help in debugging Dart code?
Breakpoints are markers set in code that pause execution at a specific line, allowing us to
inspect variables, step through code, and analyze logic. They help identify issues without 
modifying the code with print() statements.

6- What is the difference between throw and print() in Dart?
- throw is used to throw an exception and operate error handling in program.
- print is used to display messages in the console, and it is primarilly used fo debugging and 
giving output feddbacks.

8- How can the debugger() statement be used in Dart?
In Dart, the debugger() statement is used to operate the debugger programmatically at a specific
point in the code. When the Dart runtime reaches to the debugger() statement, it pauses execution, 
allowing you to inspect the program's state, variables, and execution flow—just like you would 
with a breakpoint set in the ide.

9- What is a stack trace, and how can it help in debugging?
A stack trace is a report that provides detailed information about the sequence of function calls
that led to an error in a program, and it is happened when an exception is thrown.
It can help in debugging by showing where the error occured, it shows the series of functions that
where called and caused the error, it identifies the recursive and infinit loops and shows the 
cause of error.